Galaxy J3 Orbit: And asked what to appointment. Our scheduled for and they said it was only supposed to be one. So I don't know.
John Reinhart: Well, thanks for making this will go ahead and go through these questions and then kind of get this all set up just answer them the best you can. This is being recorded right now. And this is an assessment session with Chaz canola oil is that the proper way to say your last name. Chaz.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
John Reinhart: Okay, and first question. Chaz is what brings you in treatment and why now.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Um, I was having a little bit of troubles with the medication that I was that I was taking and it was for chronic pain in the back and in the knees and ankles. And, uh, I found myself needing
Galaxy J3 Orbit: More and more. So instead of, you know, going out and trying to find pain meds and trying to, you know, resolve my my pain myself in my own way and take it into my own hands, I contacted you guys and I started the program with you guys.
John Reinhart: That's great. Yes.
John Reinhart: OK, the next question is, tell me your story with substances.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: In the past, I had a diction problem.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It bounced from alcohol to pain meds to
Galaxy J3 Orbit: To math a little bit and then
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It kept very varying between the three and it used to be, marijuana, too. But other than that, it's only been
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Pills outgrow whole marijuana and math.
John Reinhart: Right okay um when when were you first exposed to using
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I was about 1617 years old.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Little bell is exposed. Yeah, I was exposed to a um oxycodone
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Oh my goodness, that's
John Reinhart: Too big exposure there and start off right off the bat, you know,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, they were the oxy the oxy cotton fives and alcohol and marijuana was eating.
John Reinhart: Yeah, so that's a big hurdle right off the get go.
John Reinhart: How did it progress.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: A
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Couple of war with the medication. It was a couple of injuries that I had
Galaxy J3 Orbit: That that turned in chronic injuries, um, with the marijuana and alcohol. It was more of like a
Galaxy J3 Orbit: What do you call that a social type of
John Reinhart: Recreational type of thing.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, yeah. Recreational
Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Ended up
John Reinhart: Do you ever radio on in the background chest
Galaxy J3 Orbit: That's my TV.
John Reinhart: Could you turn that off, just until we get through this. We get a good recording so they can make a good treatment plan.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: There we go.
John Reinhart: That's usually how it happens, you know, the recreational but you're taking oxy code on for your pain.
John Reinhart: Right.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I was getting it. I was getting it under the table.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: From someone I knew and
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It went from that. And then what happened is I ended up getting myself into trouble. And then I was being tested through probation and
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Had to stay clean from everything, including marijuana, alcohol pills, stuff like that. So I ended up digging a little deeper into my pain and actually getting a doctor that helped me
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Um, I never did like the the ox c's and the Norco. Those are the hydro or anything like that, but they were there. It was what I was able to get. And so I got it.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: But when I got my doctor, I actually got a doctor that helped me and they had put me on Tramadol
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And the thing with the Tramadol is you only take them for a certain amount of time and then you start to become immune to them.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And I was finding myself having to take more and more. And I talked to my doctor about it and I let my doctor know that, hey, you know, I'm starting to have to take more and more
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Is there something else I can do or something like that to help me with this pain that I'm having and stuff. And so they tried me on some other medications to go with my Tramadol which was like the GABA panting.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And then they've also tried me on a couple mental health medication as well because it's not only a chronic pain. It's also
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So I suffer from severe depression, sometimes as well as a DD and ADHD.
John Reinhart: Thanks for sharing that. That's good. It's good. Good stuff to know so we can kind of figure out a good game plan there for you. When was it worse for you. Chess, when was it the kind of the, the worst.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Um,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It went up and down like there was a
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'd say it got really bad for me and between the age of 18 and 2218 and 22 and then I stopped everything cold turkey, because I was on probation.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And I was trying to do good and then I kept having my relapses with marijuana
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And so I ended up popping dirty for my probation officer and then eventually my probation officer revoked me and I sat out the rest of my time in prison.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And then I i discharged prison. I came to California, where my family's uh
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And I started getting involved with friends and stuff down here and trying to get to know people. You know, new town trying to know people you know making new friends, stuff like that.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And then it started to progress again. And that's when I got into math. I got into outdoor a little bit of marijuana as well as pain pills.
John Reinhart: Well, yeah, just the whole progression. Man You've come a long ways. I'm going to move on over now to chronic pain and I know this is a prevailing thing that that's with you. What was the precipitating event that caused your chronic pain Chazz
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It was a skateboarding accident accident. I ended up landing the wrong way. And when I was standing sideways on my skateboard. I came off of this this wedge.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And this ledge was taller than me that I came off of what my skateboard. And when I landed I caught grass and when I caught graphs. I got stuck. And this shoulder right here.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Came down, sideways like this and touched my ankle and that happened. I had a pop go up my back from my tailbone, all the way to my neck and then I kind of flung forward like that. So it kind of did some damage in my spine.
John Reinhart: Yeah, no kidding i you're lucky, you're not paralyzed, you would have been better I concrete than the grass right
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, and I went for the grass thinking that it would be a little bit safer and tell I was a until I was comfortable with doing it on the concrete, kind of like a practice thing and it didn't work out so well.
John Reinhart: Oh, man. Okay, let me move on. Next question. Growing up, what was your family life like
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It had its ups and ups and downs.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: There was a time where my parents went through their addiction phases and then
Galaxy J3 Orbit: They as well quit and started doing good for themselves doing good in their life and everything and then this group.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Uh, you know, it would be back and forth with with that. So yeah, I was familiar with alcohol. I was familiar with marijuana a half my family, um, had their green cards and all that stuff. So marijuana was pretty much around me my whole life.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: All all the elders and in my family. Pretty much to used it. So I never saw this really
John Reinhart: Then yeah
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, I've never really seen it to be, you know, a bad thing because, you know, it was just there was normal.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Normal, normal yeah yeah
John Reinhart: Did You Do you have any siblings bros bros and sisters
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I have two brothers.
John Reinhart: Oh,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And then a bunch of cousins.
John Reinhart: Okay, so you pretty tight knit family, then
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
John Reinhart: We're your parents together.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, they they've been together my whole life.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Well, they're still very now.
John Reinhart: That's awesome. And they've kind of gone through the whole thing and they're doing good. So that's great.
John Reinhart: Yeah.
John Reinhart: Anyone in your home life struggle with mental health, substance abuse or food issues kind of touched on that a little bit.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Uh,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Not, not, no. Not that I know of. Not mental health. My parents never
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Went to any mental health places or nothing like that. They're not on any mental health medication nothing neither are my brothers, like the only thing that's really been through our family is, you know, just different types of drugs.
John Reinhart: Yeah, they just if they Na, that type of thing.
John Reinhart: Do you notice any other addictive type of behaviors that you might have or that were in the family.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No.
John Reinhart: No. Okay.
John Reinhart: Such as gambling I showed that this a continuation said so I blew it, such as gambling working a lot awareness of sexual material.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Not really. I mean, like myself, I used to gamble, a little bit here and there, but then I seen like
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I seen my money going to stop.
John Reinhart: With that, okay, we're We're more than halfway done. Chaz. What was school like for you.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: We were below poverty. Poverty. So, you know, like
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I wasn't like popular, nothing like that I had friends but you know there was there was times where I was teased about
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You know how I smell come into school or, you know, like the clothes. I was wearing stuff like that but nothing really to effective
John Reinhart: See how far did you, how did you complete it or how far did you complete in school.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Um, I made it to freshman year, which was ninth grade. And then I got homeschooled. I got my GED.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Great. Um, yeah. So I did graduate, uh,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I got homeschooled graduated and then I got a job, stuff like that started to, you know, take upon the adult life, you have
John Reinhart: Started started as a a 1718 or 16 or whatever, how started started working early
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, started at 16
John Reinhart: Yeah. Yeah, I hear you. The next one is, were there any events that. Oh, I'm sorry. Did you struggle with any learning disabilities.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I had a few learning disabilities. I didn't. I can't, I can't remember exactly what they were called, but I know I had one with like reading and
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I had a couple disabilities and I'm
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Remembering
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Things.
John Reinhart: Mm hmm.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Like say like a test was coming off or something and say, I would read through this book or whatever, you know, to try and study I had problems, remembering. You know what I was reading and you know like how to put it in words.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: For the questions on the test and stuff like that. So I had a few learning disabilities going through school. Yeah.
John Reinhart: Right, you know, the cool thing is, though, once you know you you go through the program get stable and your, your
John Reinhart: Front, you know, your cognitive. Well, we talked about cognitive behavioral therapy and you start seeing clearly a lot better. And you could you start getting retention. You know those things and you can
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
John Reinhart: Slow down, and you could write, you know, write things out and you just progress. So, you know, you just getting where you're at right now and kind of your brains been stunted, in a sense, you know what I mean, because of the using and everything so
John Reinhart: You know, there's a lot of good stuff in your future here.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
John Reinhart: Let's see. Okay, next question. Were there any events that stood out to you, growing up either in your neighborhood family or friends.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: For like for an example. What do you mean
John Reinhart: Yeah, that's good one right there is
John Reinhart: Were there any kind of like PTSD type of things or things that shocked you or anything that was out of the ordinary that that you experience while growing up are pretty much normal
Galaxy J3 Orbit: A while we were ended up going through foster care for
Galaxy J3 Orbit: For for what my, my parents got in trouble for and they got in trouble for their usage and then I'm not really having a stable environment. We got taken away from our parents and put into foster care.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And then
Galaxy J3 Orbit: My parents went through all the groups all the classes past everything got us back and then we ended up moving to Montana and we did good for the 10 years we're out there. And then we move back care because of family and
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Basically
Galaxy J3 Orbit: That's pretty much where we're at. And now we're down here.
John Reinhart: Yeah, that's a good synopsis right there. Cool. Did you ever serve in the military.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'd like to, but no no i i tried, I tried joining the military, and I guess I was a year too late. They stopped recruiting people at the age of 24 so anybody older than 24 is too old to join anymore.
John Reinhart: Even the National Guard that applies for them to or
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I yeah talk to the recruiter recruiter down here at the Air Force Base, that we got and
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Or Navy sorry that we got and Sergeant said that it just a
Galaxy J3 Orbit: A day they stopped taking people after the age 24 yeah
John Reinhart: Yeah, they kind of tighten it up. Okay. Do you have any financial or legal issues you're concerned about
John Reinhart: Not really.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Not, not really. Okay.
John Reinhart: You're doing all right there.
John Reinhart: Are you in a relationship. You're married right
John Reinhart: Yeah, yeah. Cool.
John Reinhart: Do you have any children.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, I have three
John Reinhart: That's awesome. What ages, are they
Galaxy J3 Orbit: We got 1612 and then one nine
John Reinhart: Wow spread apart there. Yeah, that's a busy household you live in, just imagine that
John Reinhart: Who do you live with.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I live with my wife rose
John Reinhart: Right on. Right on.
John Reinhart: Did I miss anything. Can you think of anything else you'd like to share. I think we got we covered the bases era.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, I think that's about it now. Yeah.
John Reinhart: wasn't too painful.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Right. Yeah. Yeah.
John Reinhart: Yeah, so I really appreciate you coming in, whether we were finally able to meet up here and and do this. Chaz and
John Reinhart: They'll write up a treatment plan and they'll sign you a therapist that will come in and work with you on on certain issues and we'll just go from there. And I'll see you a group later this week.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, cool. Sounds right now.
John Reinhart: You have a great evening. Okay. All right, everybody.
John Reinhart: Thank you.
Thank you.
Okay.
John Reinhart: Okay, the meeting with Chaz. And it at 520
John Reinhart: Thank you for transcription